Who are you and how did you get in?
Beautiful lady
I'm here to help you.
You go or I'll call law enforcement
Humph beautiful lady
Don't you want to save your love?
What are you trying to say?
Beautiful lady
I know you've been in love with him for a long time
But he is married and has a wife.
You are sad, aren't you?
This has nothing to do with you
Beautiful lady
As long as you give him this to drink
I promise he will fall head over heels in love with you
Humph
Good luck!
Wu Hai
What's the matter with you being so anxious to see me?
Thank you of course.
Come in and sit
I'll get you a cup of coffee
Brother Yang, please sit down first
This time, thanks to you.
Otherwise, I'll die at the hands of the bad guys.
You said it was okay
only
Let that Feng Fei and the traffic police run away
Brother Zhu Chen, there is fruit on the table, you can eat it. Okay.
I'm worried about you.
You see you're all hurt